Adds third batch of 4.8 doc text (#34241)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-8-release-notes.adoc

*Bare Metal Hardware Provisioning*

* Because newer ipmitool packages default to using cipher suite 17, older hardware that does not support cipher suite 17 fails during deployment. When cipher suite 17 is not supported by the hardware, Ironic now uses cipher suite 3 so that deployments on older hardware using ipmitool should succeed. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1897415[*BZ#1897415*])

> * Previously, after an adoption failure of externally provisioned hosts, no retry was attempted. In some cases, adoption occured before the image cache was populated, which resulted in permanent adoption failure. This caused the control plane bare metal hosts to report `adoption failed.` With this update, adoption of externally provisioned hosts automatically retries after adoption failure until control plane hosts are correctly adopted. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1905577[*BZ#1905577*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Previously, in some cases, adoption occurred before the image cache was populated, which resulted in permanent adoption failure, and no retry was attempted. This caused the control plane bare metal hosts to report `adoption failed.` With this update, adoption of externally provisioned hosts automatically retries after adoption failure until control plane hosts are correctly adopted. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1905577[*BZ#1905577*])
```

Reviewer: If you don't like the change, s/occured/occurred

> * Previously, the Custom Resource (CR) required the Baseboard Management Controller (BMC) details. However, with assisted installers this information was not provided. This update allows the CR to bypass the BMC details when the operator is not creating the nodes. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1913112[*BZ#1913112*])

Reviewer: Do you know what CR is affected here. It looks odd to not have a type. (I see that the BZ and PR are lacking such detail). Are _details_ the BMC credentials? I see that in the docs a bit.

*Machine Config Operator*

> * Previously, rpm-ostree related operations were not handled properly on non-CoreOS nodes such as {op-system-first}. As a result, RHEL nodes were degraded when an operation, such as switching kernel, was applied in the pool that contained RHEL nodes. With this update, Machine Config Daemon logs a message whenever a non-supported operation is performed on non-CoreOS nodes. After logging the message, it returns nil instead of an error. RHEL nodes in the pool now proceed as expected when an unsupported operation is performed by Machine Config. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1952368[*BZ#1952368*])

Reviewer: s/RHEL/{op-system-base} in three places
s/switching kernel/kernel switching ?
s/Machine Config Daemon/the Machine Config Daemon
s/by Machine Config/by the Machine Config Daemon ?

*openshift-apiserver*

* Previously, custom security context constraints (SCCs) could have a higher priority than others in a default set. Consequently, those SSCs were sometimes matched to `openshift-apiserver` pods, which broke their 

> ability to write in their root filesystem. This bug also caused an outage of some OpenShift APIs. This fix explicitly mentions in the `openshift-apiserver` pods that the root filesystem should be writable. As a result, custom SCCs should not prevent `openshift-apiserver` pods from running. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1942725[*BZ#1942725*])

Reviewer: remove carriage return

*Storage*

> * Previously, the recycler-pod template was incorrectly placed in the kubelet static manifest directory. This incorrect location produced kubelet static pod log messages indicating a recycler static pod start failure. With this update, the misplaced recycler-pod template has been removed from the kubelet static pod manifest directory. As a result, the error messages no longer appear. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1896226[*BZ#1896226*])

Reviewer: s/ kubelet static pod/static pod (I don't see _kubelet static pod_ and here there are a lot of words qualifying _messages_) 
s/indicating/that indicated

* Previously, the Local Storage Operator (LSO) could claim disks belonging to other provisioners because busy disks were erroneously detected as free. Disks are now checked for bind-mounts so that the LSO cannot claim those disks. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1929175[*BZ#1929175*])

* Previously, the Local Storage Operator (LSO) would attempt to create a persistent volume (PV) with an invalid label value, because the device-id contained unsupported characters such as `:`. This has been corrected by moving the device information from labels to annotations. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1933630[*BZ#1933630*])

> * Previously, the Local Storage Operator was not cleaning up persistent volumes (PVs) since the deleter was not being enqueued correctly. This caused PVs to remain in the `released` state. PVs are now enqueued correctly so that they delete properly. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1937145[*BZ#1937145*])

Reviewer: /Local Storage Operator/Local Storage Operator (LSO)

> * Previously, FibreChannel was incorrectly unmounted from a node when a pod was deleted. This happened when a different pod that used the volume was deleted in the API server when kubelet on the node was not running. With this update, FibreChannel volumes correctly unmount when a new kubelet starts. Additionally, the volume cannot be mounted to multiple nodes until the new kubelet fully starts and cofnrims that the volume is unmounted, which ensures that FibreChannel volumes are uncorrupted. (link:https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1954509[*BZ#1954509*])

Reviewer: s/FibreChannel/Fibre Channel in 3 places (I don't see FibreChannel in the docs)
Should this be Fibre Channel volume(s), as with the second reference? (_Fibre Channel volumes correctly unmount..._) 
_Previously, any Fibre Channel volume was..._

/when kubelet/when the kubelet
